Update description (#3)
DevExpress-Examples/blazor-theme-and-size-mode-switcher: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T845557)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# How to implement a Theme Switcher in Blazor applications

> This example demonstrates how to create a Theme Switcher as in [DevExpress Blazor Demos](https://demos.devexpress.com/blazor/) and apply the selected theme to an application dynamically. The example contains solutions both for Blazor Server and Blazor WebAssembly. Note that these solutions target .NET 6.0.

Reviewer: `to an application dynamically` Explain

Author: Meaning not set it in the code at intialization,
Can we rephrase as follows?
```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to create a Theme Switcher as in [DevExpress Blazor Demos](https://demos.devexpress.com/blazor/) and apply the selected theme to an application at runtime. The example contains solutions both for Blazor Server and Blazor WebAssembly. Note that these solutions target .NET 6.0.
```

Reviewer: Ok

![Blazor - Theme Switcher](images/blazor-theme-switcher.png)

> This Theme Switcher offers the standard Bootstrap theme, [4 DevExpress Bootstrap themes](https://github.com/DevExpress/bootstrap-themes), and [21 Bootstwatch themes](https://bootswatch.com/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Theme Switcher includes the standard Bootstrap theme, [4 DevExpress Bootstrap themes](https://github.com/DevExpress/bootstrap-themes), and [21 Bootstwatch themes](https://bootswatch.com/). 
```
